I believe that good sportsmanship and
honesty are more important than just
about anything when it comes to sports I
took it upon myself to share that lesson
with the next generation of professional
athletes kids by hooking them up to a
fake lie-detector and driving them crazy
and here's how that one
well hello how are you good good thank
you for coming
I'm officer Jimmy this is the truth
fairy the troopers gonna hook you up to
a machine right now do you know what a
lie detector is hmm a lie detector is a
machine that could tell if you're lying
or telling the truth so you must always
tell the truth
okay okay all right I know we're gonna
put this on your head
and we'll be all ready to go Wow that's
right he's got more gel in you tree yeah
yeah you gel your hair yes okay all
right um let's start with your name what
is your name like okay very good
how old are you Blake seven years old
seven years old what grade are you in
appreciate do you like school yeah do
you like school yeah why don't you like
it
how about science you're bad at science
yeah you don't like science yeah it's
boring yeah what courses do you like
math you like math yeah okay
what's 8 plus 8 16 14
have you ever peed in the swimming pool
a little bit hold on let me ask the
truth fairy
truth fairy have you ever peed in the
swimming pool yes you yes
I think we all have it's fun it's great
sometimes I stand up on the side and pee
into this morning it's a lot of fun um
what do you like better your mother or a
puppy uh-huh
your mother why well she takes care of
me and puppies don't know
puppies only care about themselves look
puppies are very selfish well do you
hate puppies
do you hate puppies
do you feel like I could get you to say
anything with this machine who do you
think is smarter your mom or dad dad dad
why is dad smarter he has way more
history he knows more history this is
mom ever do dumb things
no does mom ever do dumb things yes she
does
what kinds of dumb things does she do he
says that words oh she says bad words
like the really bad words yeah
whoa do you ever say bad words yeah
sometimes Oh little bit with your French
where do some of your favorite bad words
as one of my favorites I don't know if
we can continue with this Thank You bike